#### Write code that is easy to delete, not easy to extend
###### https://programmingisterrible.com/post/139222674273/write-code-that-is-easy-to-delete-not-easy-to?source=post_page-----56b0d9de2c43--------------------------------

An article on programmingisterrible.com that I found interesting provided insight on the maintenance and evolution of code.  Prior to taking a software engineering class, I hadn't deeply considered this process.  I knew it had to be done in order to upkeep apps and software, but I did not think about how difficult the task could be for large projects or software.  I found the ideas in the article intriguing because of how the tips or advice contradicted themselves based on the situation.  For instance, there may be a basic function / operation that is used one or two times to complete different tasks in the software.  Instead of writing individual code for each task, since the base function or operation is basic, you can copy and paste the code to reuse it.  At the same time, the article also advises not to copy and paste code.  This is contradictory to the previous statement, but in a case where the same basic function or operation is used many times, it is better to create a function and save it to a library.  I liked how the article used this basic idea to explain the balance of efficiency and work in the software engineering field and the right choice to make isn't always clear-cut.  There are judgement calls that need to be made that can really enhance the life of a software or, if made poorly, turn code maintenance into a nightmare.

## Comment from fork (Alex)
I think this is a very interesting article that has a lot of helpful information on writing simple, reusable, and easy to maintain code. I like its advocacy for pragmatism over perfection; that good code isn't necessarily written right away but rather created as you write and refactor. I think the ideas in the article and the prioritization of writing code that is easy to delete is applicable to all facets of coding, regardless of the size of type of project. 